{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh9600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hello,
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We\'92ve reviewed your details provided and prepared the initial estimation for an hours we require to develop this application within timeline.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 According to our understanding, The system consists two types of user roles and that\'92s learner and instructors and they can do signup and sign in and also available chat system for both. Learner can book driving an instructor lesson/ adjust or cancel and each book have one unique code  and each lesson should be 1 hour. Also learner can schedule driving test. Leaner can record driving lesson progress.Learner will get notification of lesson, test and etc. Instructor manage learner booking slots and also set free time. Instructor can manage request of learner. Instructor can send feedback to learner. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs38 \cf2 We\'a0have\'a0mentioned\'a0the\'a0breakdown\'a0of\'a0the\'a0how\'a0project\'a0can\'a0be\'a0executed.\'a0You\'a0may\'a0see\'a0our\'a0suggested\'a0workaround\'a0and\'a0features\'a0for\'a0the\'a0system\'a0which\'a0can\'a0be\'a0modified\'a0in\'a0case\'a0needed.\'a0We\'a0have\'a0provided\'a0proposal\'a0considering\'a0fact\'a0that\'a0features\'a0are\'a0for\'a0base\'a0website\'a0at\'a0now.\'a0At\'a0now\'a0we\'a0have\'a0provided\'a0initial\'a0estimation\'a0for\'a0\'a0system\'a0to\'a0get\'a0you\'a0idea\'a0on\'a0timeline.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Estimation\'a0File\'a0:-\'a0
\f2\fs40 \cf3 \
\
We require more clarification for some task. Would you please provide more details about my question? and that I\'92ve mention on estimation and after clarification, I will give estimation for that tasks.\

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Please\'a0review\'a0google\'a0documents\'a0and\'a0let\'a0us\'a0know\'a0if\'a0we\'a0need\'a0to\'a0clarify\'a0anything.\'a0If\'a0needed\'a0we\'a0can\'a0schedule\'a0a\'a0skype\'a0call\'a0and\'a0discuss\'a0project.\
\uc0\u8232 Looking\'a0forward\'a0to\'a0work\'a0with\'a0you\'a0on\'a0this\'a0project.\'a0
\f2\fs40 \cf3 \
}